well howdy there Internet people it's
about again so today we're going to talk
about what comes after the beginning of
this may seem a little weird just stick
with me there's a bigger point we're
gonna talk about what comes after
because I got a message from somebody
who apparently saw a video of me on
Facebook giving a self-defense course
and Cincinnati years ago I couldn't find
the video but I know the one you're
talking about because I don't give a lot
of those classes this video made them
curious and they talked to some people
who knew me and one of them said that in
six weeks I could teach 12 people the
skills they need to truly take America
back and this person was disappointed
that I wasn't using this platform to do
that 9 probably 9 weeks to be honest but
if you give me an additional week I can
teach them to teach so each one of those
12 can go and teach 12 and teach 12 by
the fifth generation of that you have a
little less than a quarter million
people in the field ready to fight there
are 20 people in the comment section on
YouTube that can do the exact same thing
it's not really a rare skill there's
probably an additional thousand former
11 Bravo's down there who they may not
be able to teach people to teach but
they can teach a whole lot more people
in those 10 weeks if you were to add
that up less than a year more than 5
million people in the field ready to
find
then what
what comes after after the Glorious
Revolution of course the troops are home
by Christmas and the good guys win then
what if you don't have an answer to that
it means nothing was just a bunch of
waste if the systems aren't in place to
replace the the ones that exist means
nothing if people aren't ready for the
new ideas that aren't ready to evolve
aren't ready to go further aren't ready
to change the system you just get the
status quo again that's all there is to
it there's there's a whole lot of
channels out there who use that kind of
rhetoric a lot this channel doesn't I
don't talk like that very often imagine
what their comment section looks like
how many people below have that skill
set assuming the glorious revolution
goes great how long is it until one of
them teaches 12 who teaches 12 who
teaches 12 and that just becomes the
normal way our government changes
if people are not ready for it it means
nothing you ask those on the right
there's a whole bunch of people who
spend a whole lot of time planning and
getting ready for that fight you ask
them what comes after and they say
restore the Republic I don't even know
what that means
well we're not going to have a king
they're going to restore the
representative democracy with a federal
so what does it mean they don't know
it's just a slogan it means nothing the
mission has become about the fight and
when the mission becomes about the fight
after the fight if people aren't
actually ideologically motivated the
whole glorious revolution is just a
scheme to put a new group of people in
power you get the same thing different
faces I would prefer that everybody have
a power that it become decentralized and
the way to do that is through education
it's through talking about new ideas
that's what that's what will move us
forward and again it's not a rare skill
you have to wonder why it's not
happening on a widespread level with all
of the discontent in this country why
there aren't people out there doing that
a lot of them it's because anybody who
has that skill said who understands it
knows that we don't want that because in
real life it isn't glorious it is dirty
it is nasty it is ugly it is not
something anybody wants to be a part of
in the United States with as much stuff
as as in civilian hands it would be
devastating would go on forever would be
a lot of loss for no benefit because
well yeah there are a lot of people who
are ready for those new ideas who are
ready for a system that doesn't leave
people out there are a whole bunch of
people that are clinging to the past and
clinging to old ideas and until those
people are reached it's all for nothing
it is all for nothing all of that lost
all of that waste would be pointless
we we have to get the systems in place
first I would prefer that people spend
their time rather than running around
the woods
I would prefer they spend it building
community networks establishing those
parallel and redundant systems embracing
the new ideas that seems much more
important to me I would also point out
that that class in Cincinnati the same
day that they participated in mine they
learned about sustainable farming how to
can how to build mutual networks or how
to build community networks and engage
in mutual aid that crew that was at that
that class I met them because they had a
network that fed the homeless in
Cincinnati and they had issues with the
cops they they weren't out looking to
start a revolution not of the kind
that's being talked about without the
new ideas to back it up it's not a
revolution it's just a hostile takeover
I don't use that rhetoric and I will not
teach anything offensive because I don't
want to convince people that it's
necessary I don't want to be one of the
people who makes peaceful revolution
impossible because I know what is
inevitable if that happens and I want no
part of it we have to have the new ideas
first and if we do it right nobody ever
has to teach anybody anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good day